Update Windows build instructions for PyCOLMAP (#3746)
colmap/colmap: python/README.md

1. Install COLMAP from source following [the official guide](https://colmap.github.io/install.html).

1. Build PyCOLMAP from the root of the repository:
  - On Linux and macOS:
```bash
python -m pip install .
```

>   - On Windows, after installing COLMAP [via VCPKG](https://colmap.github.io/install.html#id3):

Reviewer: nit: not your fault but this link is actually not persistent, and we should link using a markdown reference?

Author: It looks like the Windows source-build section anchor is named that way because the section header is a duplicate? Maybe it would be reasonable to add an explicitly named anchor.

Or the link could be removed entirely, maybe? Maybe change this to:
```suggestion
  - On Windows, after installing COLMAP via VCPKG per the installation instructions above:
```

>     1. Determine the installed COLMAP version via: `<VCPKG-ROOT>\packages\colmap_<TRIPLET>\tools\colmap\colmap.exe help`

Reviewer: nit: The easier path would be to just run vcpkg install from the root of the colmap repo. Then the version is guaranteed to be consistent.

Author: Ah, noted. That does seem much easier. :)

I'll go verify, then make the edit.

Author: Looks like there are 3 issues causing the loading problem:
1. vcpkg shared libraries can't be found
2. CUDA libraries can't be found
3. OpenEXR 3.4 is crashing during initialization (something about a null pointer dereference while locking a critical section)

I'll update the build instructions based on the method I originally proposed in my PR, then open a separate issue to track this loading issue.
